damn world finals are brought to you by
Ford trucks trucks that are built Ford
Tough by the official trucks of Monster
Jam and by Advance Auto Parts we're
ready in advance advance auto parts
stores are the official auto parts doors
of Monster Jam hey when you come out to
us a jar a Monster Jam event and not
only get those gravedigger pins but make
up your own side show your support for
your favorite concert the drivers love
seeing it who knows we may be seeing you
on future editions of Speed Channel
Monster Jam we're seeing the Freestyle
here we have a three-way tie for the
lead it would be unprecedented at free
time for the championship however those
three stores are all 41 that means
there's plenty of room to get over them
and Dennis Anderson of the great bigger
then the world captain Avenger both have
shots to win this thing right now the
stage has been set they have nine points
to work with I can't tell you how many
times finis Anderson comes out with no
points to work with the door is wide
open here is wide open for defense right
now the grass will be nice stock well
that doesn't sound good
it's a weird sound there for a moment is
decayed through the gravedigger clerk
had already won the World Racing
Championship and Dennis tried to use
some strategy near you trying to keep
momentum up get something going but not
use everything up in the first few SEC's
they rocked the users head in fact I was
told they actually purchased the
countdown clock and put it inside of his
truck so that he could watch the clock
countdown on his own we know that he has
30 40 seconds left he can really turn it
loose to the gentlemen good move here as
long as you don't gyroscope but you're
not going to flip the truck there he
wants to keep it going and get its third
victim and quite possibly the biggest
one of the night and that is not in my
opinion going to be enough to get him
over for 30 no relief and we have to
talk about the 30 second rule he went
past the 30 second rule he's not going
to be able to be turned back over and
have another crack at it that's going to
end his night and he got off to a great
start had some good momentum didn't hurt
the truck that truck was still very very
strong
he was poised to really finish this
thing up you know this is just set up
we'll see what the scores are but I'm
sitting here thinking a lot of people
considered even to the defending world
champion Longstaff it is set up for Jim
Kohler
to retain the title it's wide open for
me and look at how big these obstacles
are I mean this is a monster truck
oh you're sitting up here and it falls
down and out of sight I'm telling you
ladies and gentlemen fans out there when
I tell you that the obstacles here we're
huge you just have no idea it could stir
there and you looked up it would just
scare you to death to think somebody's
going to go over that monster maps a
little bit while we're telling you get
those tickets for next year they go up
failed with Monday May 10
look at this the scores of 30 better not
thought but it's not enough to get in
believe y'all better get it right up
there y'all need to get y'all there
together the judges any right tonight he
went to Facebook time after winning big
Philip Sidney's upset about his run and
when he said it's no 30 he's not saying
to be hierarchy and he thinks he was
lower he's not even barest about that
one yeah he was not happy with that
performance at all you're the door and
the stage is that now for Jim Cole for
AP it's wide open he's just got to come
out use the clock and do his thing and
he knows how he's doing the reigning
world champion Jim Kohler and Avenger
mr. excite
oh he's slowing down he's just stopped
on it no you got to be kidding a
mechanical problem is going to end this
competition for Jim go and the inventor
immediately what a change
oh my goodness this was wide open for
Jim to win the thing for a second
straight year he's come out he just
gives that evening of giving absolute
all time he just look at him nothing is
laid out for him to regain the title and
it ends can any idea what long I'm
telling you right up over here it goes
over the card but what Papa I don't see
anything with him something in the drive
line I'm guessing gave way on him
lands pretty hard right here maybe pick
something jammed something up in the
transfer case the transmission hard to
say they were just speculating but his
night is done we have an unprecedented
three-way cold world championship
loopies dosa mezuzah and Tom men each
have a piece of the clown go on why the
USHL way back Tom get two tickets for
next year's World Finals merchandise and
of course everything half of the US HRA
you could be a part of it
at USA kareena conflict over to
speedtv.com while you're there
el Toro loco but busie Maximum
Destruction have tied for the world
title wow what an incredible evening we
saw history being made when Dennis
Anderson and we saw the best in the
world hit the biggest
thank you let me tell you for the first
time ever three co-champions in the
world championship freestyle competition
here tonight come on Tina screaming my
name everybody in the crowd one thing
make sure you're on hand when we do it
all again the Monster Jam World Finals
in 2005 go online and find out about the
unprecedented double down package that
you can get to be the Friday night
qualified come to the barbecue and the
best thing for the world finals log
online to find out about it at us HR
EECOM then click over to speedtv.com for
Ken's death Maxfield Emily give alive
Scott Douglas we'll see you next time
I'm Monster Jam